• p. 1, first paragraph, when Ag is introduced, emphasize that it is the
coarse moduli scheme.

• p. 1, Theorem 1.1, the setting over R. This is actually a problem in the
statements of many theorems of the paper. You state the result over a
domain R, but the proof is reduced to algebraically closed fields immedi-
ately by the second paragraph after the theorem, which means that the
result over R is not really stronger. The statement over R in Theorem 1.1
is very sloppy; for example, "(A1, λ1) and (A2, λ2) are in the domain of
definition of f" needs explanation. This sentence is also in Theorem 1.3.
My suggestion is to state the theorem over an algebraically closed field
k, and do the same changes to all other similar theorems (Theorem 1.2,
Theorem 1.3, etc). Then Remark 1.11 does the job of generalization. If I
understand correctly, Proposition 4.8 is the only one where a general base
ring R is necessary.

• p. 3, line 14, "principal polarization λ on B". The paper never checks
that it is a principle polarization, though it is just a line of calculation of
the degree. For its importance and for the readers, you may add it in the
statement of Lemma 2.10, and refer to the lemma here.

• p. 3, line 16, the definition of ψA. It will be very helpful for the readers
if you mention the complex results of Proposition 4.7 here. Moreover,
mention the result of Lemma 2.10 here that B (forgetting the polarization)
is isomorphic to a product of elliptic curves.

• p. 8, line 11, "ensures that there is an elliptic curve". The existence needs
more explanation. For example, CM elliptic curves or its reduction.

• p. 11, Lemma 4.6, the map τ → τA needs more explanation. How is τA
an element of Hg?

• p. 13, Proposition 4.8. Give definitions or references for R-valued Siegel
modular form and also q-expansion of modular forms over R. Moreover,
for "ell is a prime number not equal to the characteristic of the base ring
R", do you mean "not equal to the characteristic of the residue field of
any prime ideal of the base ring R"?

• p. 13, last paragraph. For the proof of Theorem 1.10, if the base ring is
just C, do we have a simpler (analytic) proof in terms of the interpretation
in Proposition 4.7?